# [80. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array II](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array-ii/)  

### Medium level  

Given an integer array <code>nums</code> sorted in **non-decreasing order**, remove some duplicates **in-place** such that each unique element appears **at most twice**. The **relative order** of the elements should be kept the **same**.

Since it is impossible to change the length of the array in some languages, you must instead have the result be placed in the **first part** of the array <code>nums</code>. More formally, if there are <code>k</code> elements after removing the duplicates, then the first <code>k</code> elements of <code>nums</code> should hold the final result. It does not matter what you leave beyond the first <code>k</code> elements.

Return <code>k</code> *after placing the final result in the first* <code>k</code> *slots of* <code>nums</code>.

Do **not** allocate extra space for another array. You must do this by **modifying the input array in-place** with O(1) extra memory.  

**Custom Judge:**

The judge will test your solution with the following code:  

```
int[] nums = [...]; // Input array
int[] expectedNums = [...]; // The expected answer with correct length

int k = removeDuplicates(nums); // Calls your implementation

assert k == expectedNums.length;
for (int i = 0; i < k; i++) {
    assert nums[i] == expectedNums[i];
}
```

If all assertions pass, then your solution will be **accepted**.  

**Example 1:**
<pre>
<strong>Input:</strong> nums = [1,1,1,2,2,3]
<strong>Output:</strong> 5, nums = [1,1,2,2,3,_]
</pre>
**Explanation:** Your function should return k = 5, with the first five elements of nums being 1, 1, 2, 2 and 3 respectively.
It does not matter what you leave beyond the returned k (hence they are underscores).  

**Example 2:**
<pre>
<strong>Input:</strong> nums = [0,0,1,1,1,1,2,3,3]
<strong>Output:</strong> 7, nums = [0,0,1,1,2,3,3,_,_]
</pre>
**Explanation:** Your function should return k = 7, with the first seven elements of nums being 0, 0, 1, 1, 2, 3 and 3 respectively.
It does not matter what you leave beyond the returned k (hence they are underscores).  

**Constraints:**

* <code>1 <= nums.length <= 3 * 10<sup>4</sup></code>
* <code>-10<sup>4</sup> <= nums[i] <= 10<sup>4</sup></code>
* <code>nums</code>  is sorted in **non-decreasing** order. 


